moreover the word of the Lord came to me
moreover the word of the Lord came to me saying go and cry in the hearing of
saying go and cry in the hearing of
saying go and cry in the hearing of Jerusalem saying thus says the Lord I
Jerusalem saying thus says the Lord I
Jerusalem saying thus says the Lord I remember you the kindness of your youth
remember you the kindness of your youth
remember you the kindness of your youth the love of your betrothal when you went
the love of your betrothal when you went
the love of your betrothal when you went after me in the wilderness in a land not
after me in the wilderness in a land not
after me in the wilderness in a land not seven
seven
seven Israel was holiness to the Lord the
Israel was holiness to the Lord the
Israel was holiness to the Lord the firstfruits of his increase all that
firstfruits of his increase all that
firstfruits of his increase all that devour him will offend disaster will
devour him will offend disaster will
devour him will offend disaster will come upon them hear the word of the Lord
come upon them hear the word of the Lord
come upon them hear the word of the Lord o house of Jacob and all the families of
o house of Jacob and all the families of
o house of Jacob and all the families of the house of Israel thus says the Lord
the house of Israel thus says the Lord
the house of Israel thus says the Lord what injustice have your father's found
what injustice have your father's found
what injustice have your father's found in me that they have gone far from me
in me that they have gone far from me
in me that they have gone far from me have followed idols and have become
have followed idols and have become
have followed idols and have become idolaters neither did they say where is
idolaters neither did they say where is
idolaters neither did they say where is the Lord who brought us up out of the
the Lord who brought us up out of the
the Lord who brought us up out of the land of Egypt who led us through the
land of Egypt who led us through the
land of Egypt who led us through the wilderness through a land of desert sand
wilderness through a land of desert sand
wilderness through a land of desert sand pits through a land of drought and the
pits through a land of drought and the
pits through a land of drought and the shadow of death through a land that no
shadow of death through a land that no
shadow of death through a land that no one crossed and where no one weld I
one crossed and where no one weld I
one crossed and where no one weld I brought you into a bountiful country to
brought you into a bountiful country to
brought you into a bountiful country to eat its fruit and its goodness but when
eat its fruit and its goodness but when
eat its fruit and its goodness but when you entered you defiled my land
you entered you defiled my land
you entered you defiled my land and made my heritage an abomination the
and made my heritage an abomination the
and made my heritage an abomination the priests did not say where is the Lord
priests did not say where is the Lord
priests did not say where is the Lord and those who handle the law did not
and those who handle the law did not
and those who handle the law did not know me the rulers also transgressed
know me the rulers also transgressed
know me the rulers also transgressed against me the prophets prophesied by
against me the prophets prophesied by
against me the prophets prophesied by bail and walked after things that do not
bail and walked after things that do not
bail and walked after things that do not profit therefore I will yet bring
profit therefore I will yet bring
profit therefore I will yet bring charges against you and against your
charges against you and against your
charges against you and against your children's children I will bring charges
children's children I will bring charges
children's children I will bring charges for pass beyond the coasts of Cyprus and
for pass beyond the coasts of Cyprus and
for pass beyond the coasts of Cyprus and sea send to Keita and considered
sea send to Keita and considered
sea send to Keita and considered diligently and see if there has been
diligently and see if there has been
diligently and see if there has been such a thing as a nation changed its
such a thing as a nation changed its
such a thing as a nation changed its gods which are not gods but my people
gods which are not gods but my people
gods which are not gods but my people have changed their glory for what does
have changed their glory for what does
have changed their glory for what does not profit be astonished oh heavens add
not profit be astonished oh heavens add
not profit be astonished oh heavens add this and be horribly afraid be very
this and be horribly afraid be very
this and be horribly afraid be very desolate for my people have committed
desolate for my people have committed
desolate for my people have committed two evils they have forsaken me the
two evils they have forsaken me the
two evils they have forsaken me the fountain of living waters and hewed
fountain of living waters and hewed
fountain of living waters and hewed systems broken systems that can hold no
systems broken systems that can hold no
systems broken systems that can hold no water is Israel a servant is he a home
water is Israel a servant is he a home
water is Israel a servant is he a home born slave
born slave
born slave why is he plundered the Young Lions
why is he plundered the Young Lions
why is he plundered the Young Lions roared at him and growled they made his
roared at him and growled they made his
roared at him and growled they made his land waste his cities are burned without
land waste his cities are burned without
land waste his cities are burned without inhabitant
inhabitant
inhabitant also the people of naath and tapa knees
also the people of naath and tapa knees
also the people of naath and tapa knees have broken the crown of your head have
have broken the crown of your head have
have broken the crown of your head have you not brought this on himself in that
you not brought this on himself in that
you not brought this on himself in that you were forsaken the Lord your God when
you were forsaken the Lord your God when
you were forsaken the Lord your God when he led you in the way and now why take
he led you in the way and now why take
he led you in the way and now why take the road to Egypt to drink the waters of
the road to Egypt to drink the waters of
the road to Egypt to drink the waters of Sai or why take the road to
Sai or why take the road to
Sai or why take the road to Assyria to drink the waters of the river
Assyria to drink the waters of the river
Assyria to drink the waters of the river your own wickedness will correct you and
your own wickedness will correct you and
your own wickedness will correct you and your backslidings will rebuke you know
your backslidings will rebuke you know
your backslidings will rebuke you know therefore and see that it is an evil and
therefore and see that it is an evil and
therefore and see that it is an evil and better thing that you have forsaken the
better thing that you have forsaken the
better thing that you have forsaken the Lord your God and the fear of me is not
Lord your God and the fear of me is not
Lord your God and the fear of me is not in you says the Lord God of hosts for of
in you says the Lord God of hosts for of
in you says the Lord God of hosts for of old I have broken your yoke and burst
old I have broken your yoke and burst
old I have broken your yoke and burst your bonds and you said I will not
your bonds and you said I will not
your bonds and you said I will not transgress when on every high hill and
transgress when on every high hill and
transgress when on every high hill and under every Green Tree you lay down
under every Green Tree you lay down
under every Green Tree you lay down playing the heart yet I have planted you
playing the heart yet I have planted you
playing the heart yet I have planted you a noble vine a seed of highest quality
a noble vine a seed of highest quality
a noble vine a seed of highest quality how then have you turned before me into
how then have you turned before me into
how then have you turned before me into the degenerate plant of an alien vine
the degenerate plant of an alien vine
the degenerate plant of an alien vine for though you wash yourself with lye
for though you wash yourself with lye
for though you wash yourself with lye and use much soap yet your iniquity is
and use much soap yet your iniquity is
and use much soap yet your iniquity is marked before me how can you say I am
marked before me how can you say I am
marked before me how can you say I am not polluted I have not gone after the
not polluted I have not gone after the
not polluted I have not gone after the bales see your way in the valley know
bales see your way in the valley know
bales see your way in the valley know what you have done you are a swift
what you have done you are a swift
what you have done you are a swift dromedary breaking loose in her ways a
dromedary breaking loose in her ways a
dromedary breaking loose in her ways a wild donkey used to the wilderness that
wild donkey used to the wilderness that
wild donkey used to the wilderness that sniffs of the wind in her desire in her
sniffs of the wind in her desire in her
sniffs of the wind in her desire in her time of mating who can turn her away all
time of mating who can turn her away all
time of mating who can turn her away all who seek her will not weary themselves
who seek her will not weary themselves
who seek her will not weary themselves in her month they will find her withhold
in her month they will find her withhold
in her month they will find her withhold your foot from being unshod and your
your foot from being unshod and your
your foot from being unshod and your throat from first but you said there is
throat from first but you said there is
throat from first but you said there is no hope no for I have loved aliens and
no hope no for I have loved aliens and
no hope no for I have loved aliens and after them I will go as the thief is
after them I will go as the thief is
after them I will go as the thief is ashamed when he is found out so is the
ashamed when he is found out so is the
ashamed when he is found out so is the house of Israel ashamed they and their
house of Israel ashamed they and their
house of Israel ashamed they and their kings and their princes and their
kings and their princes and their
kings and their princes and their priests and their prophets saying to a
priests and their prophets saying to a
priests and their prophets saying to a tree you are my father and to a stone
tree you are my father and to a stone
tree you are my father and to a stone you gave birth to me for they have
you gave birth to me for they have
you gave birth to me for they have turned their back to me and not their
turned their back to me and not their
turned their back to me and not their face but in the time of their trouble
face but in the time of their trouble
face but in the time of their trouble they will say arise and save us but
they will say arise and save us but
they will say arise and save us but where are your gods that you had made
where are your gods that you had made
where are your gods that you had made for yourselves
for yourselves
for yourselves let them arise if they can save you in
let them arise if they can save you in
let them arise if they can save you in the time of your trouble for according
the time of your trouble for according
the time of your trouble for according to the number of your cities are your
to the number of your cities are your
to the number of your cities are your gods o Judah
gods o Judah
gods o Judah why will you plead with me you all have
why will you plead with me you all have
why will you plead with me you all have transgressed against me says the Lord in
transgressed against me says the Lord in
transgressed against me says the Lord in vain I have chasing your children they
vain I have chasing your children they
vain I have chasing your children they received no correction your sword has
received no correction your sword has
received no correction your sword has devoured your prophets like a destroying
devoured your prophets like a destroying
devoured your prophets like a destroying lion
lion
lion Oh generation see the word of the Lord
Oh generation see the word of the Lord
Oh generation see the word of the Lord have I been a wilderness to Israel or a
have I been a wilderness to Israel or a
have I been a wilderness to Israel or a land of darkness why do my people say we
land of darkness why do my people say we
land of darkness why do my people say we are Lords we will come no more to you
are Lords we will come no more to you
are Lords we will come no more to you can a virgin forget her ornaments
can a virgin forget her ornaments
can a virgin forget her ornaments or a bride retire yet my people have
or a bride retire yet my people have
or a bride retire yet my people have forgotten me days without number
forgotten me days without number
forgotten me days without number why do you beautify a way to seek love
why do you beautify a way to seek love
why do you beautify a way to seek love therefore you have also taught the
therefore you have also taught the
therefore you have also taught the wicked women your ways also on your
wicked women your ways also on your
wicked women your ways also on your skirts is found the blood of the lives
skirts is found the blood of the lives
skirts is found the blood of the lives of the poor innocents I have not found
of the poor innocents I have not found
of the poor innocents I have not found it by secret search but plainly on all
it by secret search but plainly on all
it by secret search but plainly on all these things yet you say because I am
these things yet you say because I am
these things yet you say because I am innocent surely his anger shall turn
innocent surely his anger shall turn
innocent surely his anger shall turn from me behold I will plead my case
from me behold I will plead my case
from me behold I will plead my case against you because you say I have not
against you because you say I have not
against you because you say I have not sinned why do you get about so much to
sinned why do you get about so much to
sinned why do you get about so much to change your way also you should be
change your way also you should be
change your way also you should be ashamed of Egypt as you were ashamed of
ashamed of Egypt as you were ashamed of
ashamed of Egypt as you were ashamed of a series indeed you will go forth from
a series indeed you will go forth from
a series indeed you will go forth from him with your hands on your head for the
him with your hands on your head for the
him with your hands on your head for the Lord has rejected your trusted allies
Lord has rejected your trusted allies
Lord has rejected your trusted allies and you will not prosper by them